[Crane] Computer, play music.
[TLC's "Waterfalls" playing]
Computer,
does Batman have a dossier
on all the high-level criminals
in Gotham?
-[Batcomputer] Affirmative.
-Lovely.
Is there a file labeled
Crane, Jonathan,
AKA Scarecrow?
[Batcomputer] Affirmative.
[music continues in background]
Play the file.
[Bruce] Addendum,
psych profile,
Jonathan Crane...
After a detailed study
of Crane's criminal record,
as well as an assessment of his
particular form of psychosis,
I can conclude
that Crane's efforts
are most effective
via the use of proxies.
Unwitting associates
commonly drugged
into submissive complacence,
as opposed to
any direct actions
of the dominant personality.
Is that what you think,
Brucey boy?
In other words, Jonathan Crane,
the victim of abuse
and neglect,
was ill equipped
for the Scarecrow's
unique form of brutality.
Computer, stop music.
[music stops]
[Bruce] Taking into account
that Crane's alter ego
was the mastermind,
while Crane himself,
the scientist,
the diligent student,
was wholly ineffectual.
It is my opinion that Crane
is one of the most pitiable
among Gotham's
violent criminals.
A broken man without a voice
doomed to speak through others.
[sighs]
[door slams open]
-I know what your problem is.
-What the fuck?
-You're scared.
-I'm not scared.
-Yes, you are.
-No, I'm not.
Yes, you are!
You are terrified
of everything in this house,
and I get it, coming home
can do that to a boy.
Everywhere you look,
there he is looking back
at you, judging you.
What does he think of you?
What does he want from you?
Will you ever be good enough?
Well, let me end
your suspense right now.
No, you're never gonna be
good enough for Bruce Wayne.
[exhales]
It's a relief, isn't it?
Like ripping a band-aid off.
Not so bad.
But now that we've addressed
your deep psychological issues,
why don't you go ahead
and get your lazy ass
out of this fucking bed?
We have work to do.
-What work?
-What work? What?
What work?
The same work we've been doing
every single day.
We are trying to save
this godforsaken city.
The next step in our plan,
we have to get rid
of public enemy number one.
That's Nightwing.
That's fucking crazy.
That's right. We're gonna
give the people what they want.
You can be a homicidal maniac.
They don't care.
So long is that they think that
you are on their side,
and Jason, you are.
You're on their side!
Get up, buttercup.
I got a busy day.
[theme music playing]
[man on radio] Is anyone
up there? Can anyone hear us?
-[siren wailing on radio]
-[people screaming on radio]
Man, it is bad out there.
Even for Gotham.
I didn't see a single cop.
Most of the stores
are gated up,
but we still managed to harvest
some supplies, didn't we, pal?
[barks]
Thanks for the clothes.
I didn't think traipsing
around Gotham in a supersuit
was the greatest idea
right now.
Any luck
tracking down Blackfire?
Or Gar or anyone?
No. Internet's down,
cell phones are down.
Police scanners
must have switched
to an encrypted frequency.
How long do you think
they've been working for Crane?
I don't know.
[sighs]
Guess that explains
what happened last night.
[Red Hood on screen]
Hello, Gotham.
What the hell?
It's Red Hood.
Coming to you live
from the most
exclusive spot in town,
the Batcave.
For too long, this city
has been at the mercy
of criminals.
And I'm not just talking
about the Penguin,
and the Riddler and the Joker.
I'm talking about the ones
who pretend to help
but only makes things worse.
You've gotta be kidding me.
[Red Hood] First Batman,
now the Titans.
Hypocrites who
feed off your terror
in pursuit of glory.
And they turned Gotham
into a city of carnage.
But it all comes
to an end today.
There's a new savior in town.
First thing I'm going to do
is burn the trash.
You hear me Nightwing?
You're public enemy
numero uno...
But not for long.
Meet me at midnight.
You know the place.
It's time
for us to finish this.
He's right.
Time to finish this.
We've got to get back
to Wayne Manor.
We can't just burst in there.
That's what he wants.
What he expects.
We need to break through
the security system remotely,
and I can do that
at Wayne Enterprises.
-Stay here.
-Are you talking to me
or Krypto?
Both.
So I'm good enough
for getting groceries,
but not this?
I need you to stay here.
I'll see you when I get back.
Hey, Blackfire was shot.
I'm not gonna stay here
and do nothing.
Look, our best chance
of connecting with Blackfire
is through that radio.
I need you to be here
if they call.
Conner, I need you
to let go off my arm.
Be here when I get back.
Hey! Hey! [gasps]
-You're--
-Alive, yeah.
-And you're...
-Me, too.
[chuckles]
I can't believe it, Ms. Troy.
Donna.
They just let you
out the hospital?
I let myself out.
When I woke up,
no one was there.
And then
I checked the bandages...
[groans]
It's healed.
I just grabbed some clothes
and took off.
[Donna] Where are you headed?
I'm just trying
to get home, remember?
What about you?
Looking for the Titans.
I have a lead that says
they might be holed up
in Chinatown.
Chinatown?
That's where I live.
Classic Gotham bullshit.
Let's get going.
[Rachel] Any plans on how
we're gonna find Dick and Kory?
No.
And maybe it's for the best.
Why would you say that?
We might all be safer
on our own.
Rach, things got really bad.
The entire city of Gotham
thinks that this is all
the Titans' fault.
They think we poisoned
the water.
There are people
who want us dead.
Even cops.
[Rachel] I should
never have left you guys.
[Gar] Don't say that.
You did what you had to do.
Nothing to show for it.
But I'm here now,
and I want to help.
Good.
Because I might have something.
It's been bugging me
that Jason just miraculously
returned from the dead,
and no one seems to know how.
So, I did some digging.
I found some of Bruce Wayne's
old journals,
and I found this symbol.
Bruce wrote that it's related
to a place of rebirth.
The Lazarus pit.
I might be crazy,
but I keep thinking, like,
this might be the key
to everything.
I know how to find it.
[man] That'll be 50.
[woman 1] What do you mean $50?
This is outrageous.
The price was $10 before.
Emergency premium.
Look, I got a lot of people
waiting out here.
Pay or get out of the way, FOB.
What did you say?
[woman 2] You heard me.
Right. And you hear me.
I may have my baby right here,
but I can still slap the taste
out of your rotten mouth
with one hand.
Straighten those
crooked teeth for you.
That's it. I'm gonna
call the cops
if you don't beat it.
I want to buy medicine
for my sick child
and you want
to call the police?
Fine.
Keep it.
[baby crying]
I'll find you something, love.
Don't worry.
[Batcomputer] Access granted.
[Red Hood]
Come on, Dick. Really?
I knew you'd try this.
Going through the back door
rather than having to face me.
Sorry, but no.
All your base are belong to us.
You should stop by
the old digs.
Crane's kicking it
in Bruce's bed.
It's a party.
Hey, uh, asking for a friend,
how are the Titans doing?
You know
you're never gonna win.
Yeah, we'll see about that.
Midnight.
Third and Barons.
This is how it was always
gonna end.
You're wrong.
[sighs]
[panting]
What the hell happened?
Wait, wait, wait. Stand back.
We don't know who's inside.
Anyone in here?
Dad, stop! It's me!
Tim?
[Janet] Are you sure
you're okay?
I don't understand.
You were in the ICU.
[Tim] Mom, I'm fine.
I mean, it was bad,
but since I woke up, I feel...
different.
Where is everybody, anyway?
We don't know.
We haven't left here in days.
Looters swept through
last night,
plus some guys
who definitely drank the water,
but we held them off.
Word is there are
a few neighborhoods like ours.
Holdouts that haven't been
taken over by the crazies.
-And where are the cops?
-[Janet] They come by.
But they seem
more interested in us
than stopping the bad guys.
And no sign of the Titans?
We don't even think
they're in Gotham
after what happened.
Do you guys have
any Internet? Cell service?
No, we're lucky
we still have electricity
or else it would be
the Middle Ages around here.
We're totally cut off.
Maybe not.
Welcome to my secret base.
I thought we were
storing rice down here.
I moved all that.
[scoffs]
What the hell is all this?
You know how
I'm always talking about
Batman and Robin and stuff,
and I kind of know things
about them?
Well, the thing is,
this is how I know.
I've hacked into
security cameras,
police radios, cell phones,
gathering info
on what they're up to...
What Gotham's up to.
Shortwave.
Do you think
we can raise anyone on this?
I know we can.
Is that what you were doing
the other night?
When you got shot?
Gathering info?
-Mom, no. I was just--
-[Jack] Where did you
even get all this?
I found it, Dad.
In the street at garage sales.
Come on. You think I stole it?
Look, I'm sure you folks have
a lot to catch up on,
but I really need to get
in touch with my team.
So if we could just put
the family drama aside, like--
We didn't know
where you were that night.
We were scared to death.
And then we got the call
from the hospital.
-If that has anything
to do with this--
-That's you.
-Yes.
-[Jack] You're part of this?
Did you know my boy
was out there risking his life?
-We met after.
-Donna is a friend.
If it weren't for her,
I wouldn't be standing here.
I don't want you
having anything
to do with any of this.
Look, I don't blame you.
I don't even disagree with you.
But whether you approve of it
or not, everything that
your son has down here
is our only chance
of figuring out what the hell
is going on out there.
So if it's all the same to you,
let's crank up this garbage,
and let me get in touch
with my team
and I will get out of
your hair.
This conversation isn't over.
[Tim sighs]
That was a total disaster.
Oh, yeah, big time.
Now, what do you say
we find Nightwing?
[baby crying]
Hey. Hey, excuse me.
Um... I need to speak to you.
Will this buy me five minutes?
I saw your baby in a vision,
and I need to know why.
Are you serious?
I know, I know, I know.
It sounds insane.
It's just, um...
I've been having these bizarre
waking dreams for weeks,
and this is the closest
I've gotten to an answer.
So, could you tell me
who you are?
And if I don't?
Will you burn me up?
I saw the video, Starfire.
I don't have my powers anymore,
but I wouldn't do that.
Whatever you say.
My name's Kapelwa.
This is Maya. That enough?
Why am I seeing her
in my vision?
I don't know.
But as you can see, she's sick.
This city is off its rocker.
I have to take her home
before something happens.
Sorry I couldn't be
of more help.
No, I'm sorry. I don't mean
to hound you. It's just...
These dreams are paralyzing me.
I need to figure out
what they mean
so I can stop them.
Well, Superhero,
welcome to my life.
Nothing makes sense.
Kapelwa.
Funny running into you.
I was just thinking about you.
Hello, Max.
I was gonna call you,
but the phones were all down.
I was hoping I could reach you.
Find out about
that cash flow situation
we got set up.
Yes. And I told you
I would pay you back in a week
when I got my check.
I know, I know,
but with everything
going crazy in town, uh,
I figured
I should get it sooner.
Yes, of course.
It's just that--
You know, everyone said
"Don't drink the water,"
and dumb me,
I forgot. [chuckles]
Turns out, it's not so bad.
I feel great.
Like I could do anything.
Like I could even get
my money tonight.
[gun cocks]
Hey. Hey. Max, listen.
I'm sure we could give you
what you need.
You seem pretty confident.
I know a lot of people
in this city.
Lot of people who can get you
exactly what you want.
Just put the gun down.
I guess I'm not getting paid
unless I shoot someone tonight.
[Kory] What is happening?
Mother?
Hello, my beautiful girl.
My little Princess Koriand'r.
[guard] His Royal Majesty,
King Myand'r.
-My queen, is it--
-A girl!
[exclaims]
[King Myand'r]
Koriand'r, my love.
Your Highness.
It pains me to tell you
your daughter
does not possess that
which the throne
of Tamaran demands
How can that be?
Every member
of the family has--
The fire that burns
within your veins
is absent within this child.
[Queen Luand'r]
You must be mistaken.
[soothsayer] The voice
and vision of X' Hal
is never mistaken.
I am simply his messenger.
If Koriand'r doesn't possess
the power of fire,
she has no claim
to this throne.
This is impossible.
We will not lose this kingdom.
Do you not see it?
Usurpers on all sides?
The need for guarded escort
to your own queen's chamber?
Tell the people that Koriand'r
is the next queen of Tamaran,
and quell any whisper
of revolt.
Your Highness, it is a lie.
[King Myand'r] Yes,
and you will do it.
So says your King.
Blackfire...
Your Highness.
-Yes.
-[soothsayer] Your new child
Komand'r...
What is it?
She possesses the gift of fire.
But Koriand'r
is successor to the throne.
As you commanded.
You can make it,
so that Koriand'r
has the power.
Cast a spell that will take
the gift of fire from Komand'r,
and bestow it upon
her older sister.
[soothsayer] Your Highness,
I must warn you,
this sort of magic
always comes with a price.
Is that a threat?
[soothsayer] Bring
Princess Koriand'r.
May the fire
that burns within Komand'r,
be given to Koriand'r.
No.
No, it can't be.
What the...
Starfire!
[Gar] Hey, Rach,
I'm not getting magical
resurrection vibes here.
[Rachel] I know.
I'm sensing
some strange energy.
Must be pretty dark magic.
I guess bringing people
back from the dead isn't
all sunshine and rainbows.
Smell like bagels to you?
[Rachel] Yeah, Gar, I'm sure
the creepy abandoned building
sells bagels.
[Gar] A simple no
would suffice.
Oh, we're going...
Gar, stay back.
Did you see something?
No, I felt something...
Energy signatures
from people who were here
a long time ago.
After you.
Hello?
Someone order a pizza?
Wow!
What a palace!
-Thank you.
-Oh!
I'm sorry. The front door
was wide open.
Don't be sorry, man.
I left it open.
-Cool.
-So, how much?
Twenty-five.
$25 for a pizza?
-Really?
-Well, I mean, you're kind of
out of the delivery zone,
-so we charge extra for all--
-Buddy, I'm joking, you know?
-Right.
-[both chuckle]
Oh, shit, I forgot
my wallet upstairs.
Hang tight, okay?
I'll get you a big tip.
Oh, sure.
No problem.
[mumbling indistinctly]
-Oh!
-[thuds]
[exhales]
I just love
gourmet kitchens, don't you?
-Did you do it?
-Do what?
Break into the Wayne Manor
security system
like you said
you were going to.
[Dick] Change of plans.
Wait a minute.
You're not really meeting up
with him, are you?
Dick. It's a trap.
Yeah, I know.
That's why I'm going.
-So I'm going, too.
-Nope.
Look, I don't mean
to get all Lex Luther on you,
but I'm bigger than you.
I'm stronger than you.
I'm faster than you.
So I am going with you.
And there's really not a thing
you could do to stop me.
I was worried you'd say that.
I'm sorry, Conner.
Sorry. I had no choice.
[whines, barks]
-Hey, buddy,
-[barks]
Hey boy.
All right, Red Hood,
let's finish this.
[breathing heavily]
[muffled screaming]
Now, your night took
a little bit of a detour,
didn't it?
[Owen groaning]
But I can assure you,
everything is happening
for very good reason.
You should be
as excited as I am right now.
[shouting] 'Cause you're
in the Batcave!
And we have a chance
to prove the Batman wrong.
[Owen continues groaning]
We have a chance to prove
that I can elicit
as much fear as Scarecrow can.
So...
[muffled groaning]
[Crane] Which one
scares you the most?
Maybe a little slice
down the cheek?
What if I took off
one of your ears?
Maybe...
-[Crane laughing]
-[Owen] No. No, No.
Winner, winner, chicken dinner.
See? We're a good team.
You and me. Look at us.
And all of this screaming,
the squirming, this fighting,
this shouting, this crying,
it's wonderful.
Keep it coming. I need
the positive reinforcement.
Okay.
Here we go. Here we go.
[muffled screaming]
Okay, come on.
Motherfucker!
Okay, okay.
Okay. You can do this.
All right, here we go.
Still weak.
Who's here?
Who said that?
-You.
-No!
Why did you say that?
[grunts] Okay.
Answer me. Shut up!
[whimpering]
You sound just like
my fucking mother.
Your mother was right.
[Owen crying]
No. No!
No.
No!
[Donna] You sure
they saw Nightwing?
[Tim] The guy said he saw him
heading downtown.
Does that mean he's really
planning to fight Red Hood?
I don't know, but I'm not gonna
let him do it by himself.
I guess this is it.
-Hey.
-See you down the-- Okay.
[knock on door]
[cop 1] GCPD, open up!
[Jack exhales]
Hi, guys. Can I help you?
Just on our rounds.
Checking to see who's home.
Doing okay in there?
We're doing all right.
How many folks
you got in there?
Just me and my family.
Water situation?
[Jack] We've got enough
of the bottled stuff.
What about out there?
What's happening?
We heard gunshots.
Looters.
You have any way to defend
yourselves? Any weapons?
[Jack] Nothing in here.
[cop 2] We'll keep you
on our regular beat then.
Anyone comes by,
you hang tight
till we get here.
You have
a nice night, Mr. Drake.
What the hell was that about?
They come by every six hours
like clockwork.
And I don't like it.
Why are they checking on you?
Because they're
up to something.
What are you talking about?
We have someone
inside GCPD headquarters.
Says Crane wants to
wipe out neighborhoods
holding out.
So they're making plans
to raid the armory.
Place is full of
high powered weapons.
Assault shit.
Looks like
they're coming for us.
This is us.
And that's the armory.
If they're cleaning house,
they'd start with these cells.
You really think they're just
gonna come down here
and start killing people?
When's the last time anyone's
heard from Barbara Gordon?
They arrested her
the night the Titans
tried to turn themselves in
and everything went to shit.
Well, if you're right,
and Crane's got these cops
on his payroll,
they're his eyes
and ears on the street.
With them, he can control
the whole damn city.
That's why they're
making rounds.
Gathering information,
finding out how many people
are in each cell,
what kinda weapons they have.
Crane's one inch from winning.
His only conceivable threat
are these hold-out cells.
[Stephen] So he's gonna
shut them down.
Permanently.
You gotta to get out of here.
-What?
-Go stop Nightwing,
bring him back here.
It's almost midnight.
Those cops could
come back any minute.
[Stephen] Not if they're
starting north of Harper.
We've got some time.
We can hold them off
for a while.
I have people
inside the buildings.
We got this.
This is my block, my home.
This is why I came back.
Look, I don't know, Tim.
If we can coordinate
with these cells,
then maybe there's a way
we can actually fight back.
Against 100 cops?
I spent half my life
on an island
learning how to lead
five people against 50.
Or 50 against 500.
Maybe it's time I started
putting it to use.
[bats squeaking]
[Rachel] Bats?
[Gar] I swear they keep
following me everywhere.
[Rachel] We found it.
[Gar] The Lazarus Pit.
Don't worry,
it's from a bottle.
[Maya crying]
[Kory] Is she feeling better?
[groans]
I was just about to
ask you the same thing.
I was shot.
[Kapelwa] But you didn't fall.
This bright, blue light
came out of your body.
It took out Max.
-But--
-It healed me.
You saved us.
So does this mean
your powers are back?
Yes, I guess.
They're different.
When I was shot,
I had another vision.
Not of Maya,
this time it was of myself.
I found out that
the powers I lost
weren't really mine
to begin with.
They belong to someone else.
So these are new powers.
That blue light?
Not new.
They were with me all along.
The real me.
[Maya crying]
[groans softly]
[exhales]
[crying]
[Kapelwa shushes]
That was over a year ago,
before my husband spoke out
against the president,
before he and our son, Lutangu,
were taken away.
So you fled when
you were pregnant.
They were going to
arrest me, too.
I had to leave that day.
Never saw them again.
Maya is the last tangible part
of my old life,
and the entirety of my new one.
This beautiful light
was already inside me.
I just didn't know it yet.
I'm glad we met, Starfire.
I am, too.
You were right, Mom.
I'm just a coward.
You know.
I know what?
[Alter Crane]
What you have to do.
The time for masks is over.
-[stabbing]
-[Owen screaming]
[screaming fades]
[Nightwing]
Tick-tock, Red hood.
Your time is running out.
[laughs] You were never
very good at this game.
You always fell for the bait.
[grunts]
So that's how
it's going down now.
No more playing by the rules,
ol' Dickie Grayson?
Standard bat shit.
Intimidation through terror.
[gun firing]
[Red Hood] You hiding
out there, Dick?
Huh?
[Nightwing] I'm just
setting the stage.
Right on time.
[gun firing]
[electricity crackling]
[both grunting]
[indistinct chatter]
[bystander 1] Leave him alone!
[both grunting]
[crowd gasping]
[gasps, coughs]
Just remember,
I did this to you.
You did this to yourself.
Finish it.
[Red Hood coughing]
[bystander 2] We want you
out of here, Nightwing!
[gunshot]
Easy.
I'm not here to hurt you.
Kid, put the gun down.
[gun cocks]
[gun fires]
I did it for you.
Red Hood! Red Hood!
[crowd chanting]
[chanting continues]
Uh, Rach.
What's going on?
It's Dick.
Something's happening to him.
[indistinct chatter]
[screams]
[screaming continues]
[Crane] Jason.
Ah, finally home.
Finally home.
See you lost the hood, too.
Good call.
You know,
the time for masks is over.